docs: Updated Container Orchestration and Triton server pages (#5122)
eclipse/kura: docs/core-services/container-orchestration-provider-usage.md

- **CPUs (optional)** - This value specifies how many CPUs a container can use. Decimal values are allowed, so if set to 1.5, the container will use at most one and a half cpu resource.

> - **GPUs (optional)** - This field configures how many Nvidia GPUs a container can use. Allowed values are 'all' or an integer number. If there's no Nvidia GPU installed, leave it empty. The Nvidia Container Toolkit must be installed on the system to correctly configure the service, otherwise the container will not start. If the Nvidia Container Runtime is used, leave the field empty.

Reviewer: I would use the code snippet formatting for the "all" value, but can be left as-is

```suggestion
- **GPUs (optional)** - This field configures how many Nvidia GPUs a container can use. Allowed values are `all` or an integer number. If there's no Nvidia GPU installed, leave it empty. The Nvidia Container Toolkit must be installed on the system to correctly configure the service, otherwise the container will not start. If the Nvidia Container Runtime is used, leave the field empty.
```

Author: It makes sense.

- **Volume Mount (optional)** - This field accepts a comma-separated list of system-to-container file mounts. This allows for the container to access files on the host machine.
  
- **Peripheral Device (optional)** - This field accepts a comma-separated list of device paths. This parameter allows devices to be passed through from the host to the container.

> - **Runtime (optional)**: The runtime used by the container. If the container uses the Nvidia Container Runtime, set it to _nvidia_ and leave the **GPUs** field empty.

Reviewer: Rephrased for consistency with metatype.

```suggestion
- **Runtime (optional)**: Specifies the fully qualified name of an alternate OCI-compatible runtime, which is used to run commands specified by the 'run' instruction. Example: `nvidia` corresponds to `--runtime=nvidia`. Note:  when using the Nvidia Container Runtime, leave the **GPUs** field empty. The GPUs available on the system will be accessible from the container by default.
```
